Now with our pipes being added then parameterize it's also important to know that you can combine pipes
and angular.
So far we only use pipes on their own so we added the date piped to our server started output a year
and we added the apprecate pipe to the instance type.
Now what if we wanted to yes format a date like this.
But then for some reason also make it all uppercase.
Now you can simply change pipes by adding a pipe symbol after a pipe so he could add uppercase here.
Now the order might be important.
Generally it will be parsed from left to right.
So service started gets into this pipe.
So to date pipe gets applied to or a service started property output here to the string and place in
the uppercase pipe then gets applied to the result of this operation.
And I can show this if I save it like this.
You see that the date indeed is uppercase.
Now if I switch positions here and put the uppercase pipe first and then parse the date you see we get
an error.
And if we open up the console and view this error you'll see that this argument here is not correct
for the uppercase pipe.
It doesn't know how to parse it because it has a date and not a string.
And there are elements which can't be turned into uppercase.
So this is why it's important to watch the order.
You should apply the pipes in the order you want to transform your input so transforming the date into
something which can be parsed first is absolutely fine.
And as you will see will work correctly you see it here but the other way around wouldn't work in this
example.
So again always keep this order in mind from left to right.
This is how it gets executed and how pipes get applied with that out of the way.
Let's create our own plie up in case there is some functionality we need which is not available in one
of the built in pipes